Procedures Project Proposal
Team Members:
Adrian Gee	(702) 343-5257	Geea2@unlv.nevada.edu

Oscar	(702) 726-0357	Santio1@unlv.nevada.edu

Tuan	(702) 418-8663	Chaut1@unlv.nevada.edu

Summary:
Our project proposal presents an introduction on how to use the software development tool, Github. Github is a collaboration platform that allows users to store versions of code in repositories accessible from their website. This allows teams of programmers to work together and control versions of a project practically.
Audience Analysis:
	Our audience is Dr. Altman’s English 407B technical writing class, primarily composed of Computer Science students. Most of the students are aware of basic computer science concepts. Dr. Altman is also a part of this audience, and his technical background is not very extensive. Presenting ideas in multiple ways, including a non-technical, “layman”, approach is ideal.
How the class will benefit:
	Github is a new and industry leading tool that helps programming teams maintain version control which is a very important aspect of software development. As computer science majors, a majority of the audience will most likely use Github or a similar product in their future careers. When asked, most students have not used Github. This is expected because it is a relatively new tool but it is important that computer science majors learn about Github or other version control programs.
Outcomes:
1. Teach the class about the concept of Github and version control.
2. Show the class how to create an account with Github. 
3. The class will learn about repositories, how to create them, how to find them, and how to store files in them.
4. The class will understand the features in Github such as merge, commit, branch, pull request and fork.
5. The class will know how to read the graphs, maintain the master copy, and other essentials to use Github as a version control tool.
Visual Aids:
	Visual aids will include a PowerPoint presentation, with screenshots how to use Github and access the important features.  
Background sources:
	Sources will primarily be from Github’s help manual which can be accessed from guides.github.com. We will also use our experience in using Github as a source to help explain this tool.  
Script:
	1. Presentation Outline
	We will start with the introduction slide. After that we will ask students if they would like 	to participate in the lecture by logging on to Github. We will provide them with a user 		name. We will then work through the slides and ask if there are any questions. That will 		complete our presentation.
	2. Visual Aids
Our visual aid will be a PowerPoint presentation. The presentation will contain images of all the examples we will be covering. 
	3. Designated Speaker Roles
	Adrian – Introduction, Ending
	Oscar – Will answer the audiences questions
	Tuan – Will instruct audience on how to log on to Github.
	4. Slide Deck
	Slide 1 – Introduction / Who we are/ Github Tutorial
	Slide 2 – Overview/ What the audience will learn/ What we will cover
Slide 3 – Introduce site/ How to create an account/ Present username and password to audience to allow them to log in and follow along
	Slide 4 - Cover repositories
	Slide 5 – Cover fork, branch, pull requests, etc.
	Slide 6 – Master Copy, graphs
	Slide 7 through 11 – Practical example of using Github
	Slide 13 – Conclusion/ Questions
	5. Handout
Our presentation will not consist of handouts. Instead, our audience can follow along with our presentation and its examples on their computers. We believe this method is a better alternative and allows the audience to become familiar with the website.
